all right you're watching the 14th
edition of the gears of PDA Gears of War
2 top plays I'm doom and I'll be
throwing words in your ears based on
what your eyes can already see but
enough of me we're setting it off with
wavering abyss playing some canals he's
got the boom shot I know what you're
thinking boom shot on canals come on son
that's not top plays works who's the
grab sniper go high side blind fire
everybody what the fuck just happened at
number 4 we're hopping on board with
somebody by the name of karma nadir and
I guess picking up the mulcher is just
good karma because he's about to go off
with it scoring two kills
wait no you got to make it three kills
way no four kills and then he gives the
last player that across the world lag
Gears of War 1 wall bounce blind fire to
finish the round 3 plus 7 is 10 right
this isn't a top 10 but at play number
three we've got blame 7 up picking off
the other team sniper as he gets to his
but you all know that's not the real
Flair in the clip it gets a call-out
that the other teams flanking she puts
on his Superman cape and fades into
being at the ramp he noscopes the
grenadiers trying to flank up the boom
ramp there's a drone casually walking up
the ramp he gets blind fired you know no
big deal or anything sniper gets all up
in his face get out of my face as well
blame 7 up the saying he fails on the
quad but it's okay because he's part of
the alternate control scheme master race
so I forgive him alright we're hitting
the homestretch player number two we've
got DJ playing on what was that quiet
I'm hunting wabbits look he got another
one look there's another weapon right in
front of them
you got him to look he's gonna get four
that's four wabbits
that's not dinner for the whole family
he's gonna get five never mind he's
screwed up ran into a grenade oh well
still got all five guys on the other
team I guess finally we hit the number
one play dude by the name of zxz
graphics zxz and surprisingly he's
playing some guardian Guardian in the
number one spot but check this out other
team's leader gets killed and almost
everybody on the other team is
bum-rushing his leader he gets a blind
fire run into the quarter but he's got
to protect his leader he gets the second
blind fire it's not even the best shot
check this out finishes it with some
emphasis to the end of the clip not just
saving his leader but doing it in some
serious style too
well that's it for this top place thanks
for watching and keep in mind you can
submit clips either by posting them in
the top place submissions section of our
forums at www.cannainsider.com/itunes
it'll show all the steps you have to
take to be the next commentator